feat: Add Terra SRPM and appstream page, remove Terra Policy page and move the contents into contributing, and new guidelines page. Also fix some stuff (#196)
FyraLabs/devdocs: pages/andaman/installation.mdx

## Ultramarine Linux

Ultramarine comes with the Terra Repository; simply install Andaman!

`sudo dnf install anda`

## Fedora and Derivatives

```bash
sudo dnf install --nogpgcheck --repofrompath 'terra,https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra$releasever' terra-release
```

> If you are using immutable/atomic editions of Fedora, run the following commands instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using atomic editions of Fedora, run the following commands instead:
```

```bash
curl -fsSL https://github.com/terrapkg/subatomic-repos/raw/main/terra.repo | pkexec tee /etc/yum.repos.d/terra.repo
sudo rpm-ostree install terra-release
```

> Optionally, you can install `terra-release-extra` to use the Extras repository. This also installs the Nvidia and Mesa streams but does not enable them.

Reviewer 2: no longer true

Author: How should I word this to be correct now?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can install `terra-release-extra` to use the Extras repository, `terra-release-mesa` to use the Mesa repository, and `terra-release-nvidia` to use the NVIDIA repository.
```

> Then, install Andaman

Reviewer: may wanna add a note about how bluefin users need to enable layering, also a good time to mention the container for atomic users

Author: I can add this in another PR

`sudo dnf install anda`

## Enterprise Linux (EL) and Derivatives

> Only EL10 is supported. Not all packages available in Terra will be available in Terra EL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only EL10 is supported. Not all packages available in Terra are available in Terra EL.
```
active, this is present tense

Reviewer 2: are be?

Reviewer: good catch

> Only EL10 is supported. Not all packages available in Terra are available in Terra EL at this time.

Reviewer 3: Better wording since this will always be the case, EL will always lack a lot of the stuff Fedora has for build dependencies and because it has much older packages.
```suggestion
Only EL10 is supported. Not all packages available in Terra will be available in Terra EL.
```

> Terra EL requires the EPEL repos, which may be installed with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra EL requires EPEL, which may be installed with:
```
nobody refers to EPEL like that, consider it with EPEL expanded

> 

Reviewer 4: Line 10 is two independent clauses. Split them with a period or a semicolon.

`sudo dnf install anda`

> ## Fedora and derivatives

Reviewer 4: Capitalize "Derivatives" as title and to match other headings.

```bash
sudo dnf install --nogpgcheck --repofrompath 'terra,https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra$releasever' terra-release
```

If you are using immutable/atomic editions of Fedora, run the following commands instead:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://github.com/terrapkg/subatomic-repos/raw/main/terra.repo | pkexec tee /etc/yum.repos.d/terra.repo
sudo rpm-ostree install terra-release
```

> Optionally, you can install `terra-release-extra` to use the Extras repository. This also installs the Nvidia, and Mesa streams but does not enable them.

Reviewer 4: "Nvidia" doesn't need a comma after it unless there is a third stream in the list.

> Then, install Andaman

Reviewer 4: This should have either a colon or period at the end. A colon is more consistent with other instructions in the page.

`sudo dnf install anda`

> ## Enterprise Linux (EL) and derivatives

Reviewer 4: Capitalize "Derivatives" as title and to match other headings.

Only EL10 is supported. Not all packages available in Terra are available in Terra EL at this time.

Terra EL requires the EPEL repos, which may be installed with:

```bash
sudo dnf install 'https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-$releasever.noarch.rpm'
```

And Terra EL itself can be installed with:

```bash
sudo dnf install --nogpgcheck --repofrompath 'terra,https://repos.fyralabs.com/terrael$releasever' terra-release
```

> Then, install Andaman

Reviewer 4: This should have either a colon or period at the end. A colon is more consistent with other instructions in the page.

```
git clone https://github.com/FyraLabs/anda
cd anda

> git checkout 0.4.13

Reviewer: maybe don't specify a current version
```suggestion
git checkout <version>     # replace with the current version
```

cargo install --path .
```

> As of writing (2025-12-19), 0.4.13 is the latest version. You should replace this with the actual latest release.

Reviewer: remove this if you don't do my last change, also ISO dates look goofy in writing, consider saying the month or even just the time of year instead
```suggestion
As of writing (Late 2025), 0.4.13 is the latest version. You should replace this with the actual latest release.
```
swap "Late 2025" for "Q4 2025" or "December 2025" whatever you want, just not an ISO date

Reviewer 2: just remove the (...), the bottom right hand corner should have the date
